hey everybody oh you wanted music with
that video the old Isaac can't come to
the phone why because it's muted well
anyway
Twitter memes decide welcome back and
get our butt kicked last time on the
verge of a double-digit streak we messed
it up pardon me we have characters that
need bringing up the speed Maggie is
just in a terrible position we could
actually do a light side Maggie run
which I think we should just so I don't
uh 410 swig get there you go just so I
don't not only forget but like I'd
rather not switch back and forth between
the Polaroid and the negative as much as
I have to like we've done a few negative
runs but if we knock out all the
Polaroid runs in advance we should be
maybe a little bit more mentally in a
good spot because we're bundling those
tasks together that's my impression
either way did you know I'm gonna start
this with a weird anecdote I I mean it's
not really an anecdote it's a question
movie came out a couple of weeks ago
it's called American assassin there's
another movie that comes out this
weekend it's starring Tim Cruise maybe
you've heard of him Tim Cruise you know
the famous Scientologist is called
American made I had to go look it up cuz
I only just saw the trailer American
maids fast and loose attitude with its
real-life story mirrors the cavalier and
delightfully watchable energy Tom Cruise
gives off in the leading role Barry seal
a TWA pilot is recruited by the CIA to
provide reconnaissance on the burgeoning
communist threat in Central America and
soon finds himself in charge of one of
the biggest covert CIA operations in the
history of the United States I say this
I bring up this anecdote because I have
a question for you
that you might be able to solve how many
movies let's say from the Year like 1990
until today start with the word American
I can think of so many American hustle
all of the American Pie movies what was
the one American written by max landis I
think I can't remember that Jesse
Eisenberg in it it's not American
Graffiti obviously it's
American than something I can't remember
American McGee's Alice the Americans I'm
not trying to say that the country is
full of itself by and large trust me you
know Canada has a lot of national pride
as well
we got movies like you know my Winnipeg
it just strikes me that American is like
this ubiquitous word you can always use
I know if you're outside of North
America you're probably saying but
Canada's part of America you take that
back that's slanderous I can understand
because I it's a relatable thing you
know when a when a Canadian says you
know Finland is part of Scandinavia and
everyone that's from Scandinavia goes
know Finland is part of the Nordic
countries but it's not part of
Scandinavia and I go oh it was in the
Kalmar Union and they go no Kalmar Union
was different than Scandinavia I go ok
but they're all Baltic and they go no
the Baltic countries are different um
dude sure let's perthro that in like a
heartbeat it's the same thing I know
it's confusing Canada is in North
America but it is not America if you're
from Brazil you're not American your
South American you're not American I
know it seems like America would be a
superset and then South America would be
a subset it's not the case in our
colloquial verbiage only people from the
United States of America are American
it's weird
I know I wish we could just change the
continent name cuz it seems how can you
not and I'm not saying this to be
insulting to the United States of
Americans how can you not think that
your country is that important right
more important than other countries I
should say you are on a continent called
the United States pardon me you're on a
continent called North America below you
as a continent called South America
what's your country called the United
States of America that's like in Africa
you know there's South Africa feel like
we need some new continent names they
are descriptive and I'm not mean none
this is probably like ignoring a lot of
you know history and culture and etc etc
mostly I'm just making a joke here it's
meant to be a relatively good-natured
joke but
you know you learn about all these
countries growing up just walk into a
dude crush this I'm using turdy touch to
do like all my damage cuz this is
annoying how can you not feel like
you're at the center of the universe the
kid seems like you're the the crown
jewel in the in the collection of the
continent if you're named after the
continent itself was all the other
countries ooh what are they doing you
know what's Canada called
you know the northernmost attic of North
America now we're called Canada what's
Mexico called you know the boot of
America the necktie of America no it's
called Mexico what's the middle country
called the United States of America
it's just not fair to the rest of us in
terms of like country names at least it
has you need you know like come on I'm
not saying that America should an access
I love our neighbors to the south most
of the time spend a lot of time in your
country now we're talking we can make
gold poop by walking into enemies not
very applicable on this floor because we
really want to get our deal with the
devil but might be able to use it in a
pinch to get a bunch of money and maybe
buy something from the shop on this
floor
what we would really benefit from
actually is if we could get IV bag which
could happen or if we could careful or
if we could get like gimpy for example
or the virus would also be good or mob
the void something along these lines
might might get it's handled for us that
could be good actually I'm just saying
look this bit it's a little Seinfeld II
and I don't know if it's going anywhere
Seinfeld ish Seinfeld and you get the
idea
but I think there's some meat to that
like there's no country in Asia that's
called like you know West Asia
Africa is a bad example there's no
country in South America that's like the
United States of America that would be
strange right I don't know maybe there's
something to it maybe there's not I'm
happy to live in Canada though I don't
want to lived in the in the namesake you
know I like when you grow up Canadian
you have a cultural identity that's a
little distinct I think from the United
States of America in that your cultural
identity pretty much consists of ice
hockey being nice to people and also not
being the United States of America let's
grab this let's grab this we don't need
young heart for anything
ah you could almost make a case for my
shadow but I'm gonna abstain for now I
think that's for the best as we progress
here so let's look for an arcade and if
we can get one IV bag we'll be 10 out of
10 I doubt we will get one but I'm also
gonna actually take some time because
keep in mind we would expect to be able
to buy probably one spirit heart per
floor so we might as well as long as we
have spirit hearts left over we might as
well walk into enemies once per floor as
long as we have the keys necessary to
get into the shop and of course this
time we can't get one makes me look like
a like a dang fool that that's fine we
get arrow o'clock nonetheless a lovely
selection and then here a font which
gave us four spirit hearts so you know
what that'll handle it the coupon I
think other people tend to like the
coupon more than I like the coupon I
don't think it's that good oh sorry I
mean I don't think it's that well hey
have you heard of the new song from the
Matthew good/bad Oh me and intellectual
you mean the Matthew well band have you
heard the new track from Kanye West's
label good music all you mean wull music
I don't think this is gonna work
I'm trying though I mean caffeinate
joke's on you sheep it's water ain't no
caffeine going on in here and you
believe me last time you trust anybody
on the Internet but then I guess it's
it's confusing right like what I just
think the reason that countries have
borders the way that they are is because
of you know the the groups of people
that live there the language they speak
the culture that they have and also the
events of wars from like yeah we should
reroll this the oh that's extremely good
the the results of wars from like you
know five to eight hundred years ago
right it creates for some confusing
situations like for example there is a
continent named Europe there is a
administrative body called the European
Union not all countries in Europe are in
the European Union make it even more
confusing Europe is connected to Asia
those countries that are in Europe
there's countries that are in Asia and
then there's countries that are in
Eurasia does that mean they're in both
does it mean they're in either I don't
know like Russia is is like it's tomato
you know tomato it's a fruit sometimes
it's a vegetable sometimes sometimes
Russia's in Asia sometimes Russia's in
Europe sometimes it's in both maybe
sometimes it's denied it on top of that
within the European Union you've got
countries that you can travel to without
actually requiring a passport Schengen
Nations you got the United Kingdom it
includes England Scotland Wales Northern
Ireland what happened Southern Ireland
not a part of it despite being the same
landmass by the way United Kingdom in
Europe not a part of the European Union
or is it
nobody knows like this is the kind of
stuff we got to pay somebody to solve
these problems for us it's ridiculous I
don't even know I don't want to get into
Scandinavia because it just makes other
people mad and then it makes me mad
because I know you know I've been to
Iceland I know that's not Scandinavia
but I've been to Iceland I've been to
Sweden and I followed you know
international hockey for like 28
years not professionally obviously but
you get the idea even still you know I
try to show respect in Norway Sweden
Finland etc etc they take offense to it
when I don't know what Scandinavia is
what's above the country what used to be
in the Kalmar Union what's a Nordic
country Iceland sort of in there but
it's not and it's also far away like
Greenland's icy but Iceland's green or
is it not really like we got all these
confusing rules that don't make any
sense everybody watching this is
probably like please to shut up you're
making yourself look ignorant that's
what bothers me I want it to be easier
we've made all these complicated rules
in terms of geography I'm actually I
know what's going on I'm worldly with
respect to a map maybe less so with
respect to travel but I've been around
or been around a little bit I've flown
over both oceans both of the six oceans
how many oceans are there Atlantic
Pacific arctic southern ocean people
always forget about that one Indian
Ocean five oceans the Atlantic and the
Pacific really get most of the credit
from a North American standpoint anyway
I'm not gonna do I promise I'm not gonna
do 45 minutes of improv about maps as
much as I'm tempted to Asia is a little
simpler I think they got less rules that
I'm aware of at least let me need sure
you got South Korea North Korea that's
you know you got one special case to
remember there well that's not sure you
got to bet you got Taiwan you got Hong
Kong Hong Kong used to be owned by the
British which would make it a former
territory of a European country that's
not part of the European Union but I
feel like we're trying to like explain
Kingdom Hearts now
which I would never dare to do because
you know I've played Kingdom Hearts 1 I
have a great anecdote about Kingdom
Hearts 1 I played it it came out in like
2002 I think which was right around the
time that you know I was I would say
advancing from like adolescence to
teenage years around that area and my
friend always bought like critically
acclaimed games he was like the guy who
would read reviews and be like why you
buy on this you should buy this instead
GamePro gave it a 5 out of 5 to bought
the first Kingdom Hearts very
well-respected game I borrowed it I beat
it and then after that I beat the game
and I handed it back to him in 9th grade
science class and he acted like I was
trying to give him drugs cuz I guess
like the idea of playing a Final Fantasy
Plus Disney game at the time a little
bit of like poison maybe socially
speaking to the opposite sex he was like
dude what are you doing keep it down I
mean he took the game back cuz he owns
it but he's like you're gonna blow my
street cred basically I didn't even
think about it at the time
in hindsight kind of hilarious though
he's doing he didn't ruin his cred too
much he's married now and so am I so hey
we're the cool ones apparently you're
that kids you want to be cool just get
married when the time is right oh you
know what we got Tarot cloths so let's
pop strength and I really really want to
make IV bag happen here even more so
than the d6 I think we'll get there one
day you know what blow this guy up load
this guy up Phil look yes it's not as
much as I wanted there but can work with
it problem is now we don't have the
strength card backing us up but we still
got like quite a lot of money for it a
little bit behind schedule for boss rush
and luckily we don't actually need to do
boss rush
doesn't mean I wouldn't like the
opportunity but we'll see put that down
there it's hopefully get like two of
diamonds ace of clubs I don't want to be
a naysayer and I also I I respect that
anything that makes the balance of the
game a little bit more tilted towards
making the game difficult without
compromising the fun factor is a good
thing for Isaac because the game other
than gonna ruffle too many feathers here
it's probably a little too easy if you
played a bunch of it you know it's very
easy to engineer yourself a victory on a
regular basis however I don't really
like the inclusion of the ace of blank
cards is there they just make you
excited and then you realize they're
garbage
what's the average payout from like an
ace of clubs you turn like five cents
into five bombs wow what a return on
investment I don't necessarily think
they're like a bad addition but the way
that they tilt the balance of how you
feel when you get a when you get a card
kind of annoys me
okay we're one away from becoming Gumpy
cuz normally used to be like Oh to us
something that is probably useful or it
could be a two of hearts which most of
the time is garbage or it could be a
Joker card or it could be a chaos card
or it could be a suicide King or it
could be cards against humanity' you
know there's there were only a few
different outcomes and most of them were
like pretty positive now it's like oh
good the ace of blanks don't do doo
dodoo dodoo dodoo to do if you'd like to
gamble I'll tell you I'm your man
win some lose some it's all the same to
me lemme you're a terrible gambler or
maybe that's maybe that's a good
attitude for gambling now that I think
about it win some lose some it's all the
same to me
you know you know your limits stay
within it treat it as entertainment it's
probably a positive thing did you know
and I'm saying this without judgment did
you know that there is a fairly robust
community for streaming online casinos
on Twitch most of the streams are in
Russian I would say you know again my
wife's been away so I've been gambling
all our money away these online casinos
know I was on there but watching a lot
more twit
because I'm sitting alone in my office
all night you know in advance of crying
myself to sleep and I bet who's watching
this trip I watched a a man spin a
virtual slot machine it is for real
money I don't know where they do it but
he was spinning a slot machine like all
night barely talking it was a very
strange thing for me and twitches like
it's not quite good enough it's still
not quite good enough let's donate a
little we're not doing boss rush anyway
twitches a little weird in general you
know do you try to explain it to people
you go yeah I play you know video games
on the internet they go people watch
that well take it a step further what if
you were like yeah I spin a a slot
machine for like eight hours and I'd
sometimes I'd win a couple hundred bucks
sometimes I lose a few hundred bucks but
people just sit there and watch me win
or lose money I'm not by the way don't
take this as macing at all mostly
because again those in glass houses what
are you watching the 500th episode of me
playing afterbirth plus right now I'm
not those in glass houses shouldn't
throw stones might surprise you contrary
to my persona on the NL s s not a very
genuinely judgmental person I don't for
the most part as long as what you do in
your life doesn't harm me or harm other
people I'm a pretty okay guy too you
know
copacetic if you're like I love them a
professional origami artist I'd be like
that's amazing behind your back I might
be like I met somebody's a professional
origami artist isn't that a little
strange that's as deep as it's gonna get
but yeah I just had no idea I was on
Twitch at like 11:00 p.m. nobody that I
knew was streaming at the time look at
the most played games casino and then
there's people just Spain in a virtual
slot machine and I'm not even talking
about Counter Strike global Offensive
loot boxes hi oh but seriously just
another little oddity in this in this
world we've carved for ourselves here
there is something like I don't want to
say sad but there's something melancholy
about it
I guess when you see someone lose like
like I saw a dude pull out like $700
from his bank account and I think you've
got to just accept that there's nothing
you can do about it and maybe he doesn't
even have a problem but at the same time
I was like I feel for that you just I
feel weird when I go to a ATM and I take
out like a hundred bucks this dude just
took out seven hundred bucks to gamble
with live on twitch.tv I guess it's not
against like the twitch Terms of Service
either like I'm assuming it's legal in
the country in which you reside I'm
pretty sure that's how they keep their
hands clean but who knows maybe there's
some nights you know he pulls out 700
700 some other nights he wins you know
1,200 I don't know it was just it was an
unusual experience for me I'm not saying
they shouldn't be able to do it just
that it was it was something I've never
experienced before I also feel like they
were partnered and I'm not again I
wanted this glass houses thing I'm
leaning on a little bit here but it's
true because like it's it's a service
but when you like subscribe to somebody
you could be like I is just gonna gamble
it away
maybe but is that any different than you
know people donating and you know you're
opening hearthstone packs or something
like that probably not in fact in many
ways the gambling is probably a better
use of your money cuz gambling it I mean
I am like pretty risk-averse I'm not a
gambler really at all but it's a better
investment than video caves sunk at the
time like if you put a hundred bucks you
know down in a roulette table or you put
a hundred bucks in a like player
unknowns battlegrounds crates on the
steam marketplace which one do you
think's coming out with more more
expected value probably well maybe not
roulette but you know who put it down in
a blackjack table or something like that
you're probably in a better spot
that's why people go like you know these
video games are like bordering on
gambling with their microtransactions
I'm like bordering on gambling they're
worse nobody's making any money dude we
got well that's not true the people who
have you know 100,000 battlegrounds
accounts and just farm BP are probably
making a little bit of money dude
please by the way the egghead looks
ridiculous on this one of course you'll
always lose
if you gamble enough and you're not a
professional which is I guess really
something you can only attain maybe in
poker or in blackjack but they can also
like kick you out of the sea I think
that's like there's all those stories of
like these guys learn how to count cards
they got really good at it they get
kicked out of the casinos how's that
fair I understand the casinos there to
like make their own money nothing wrong
with that it's a service I can
understand how it could be entertaining
but like they're just using their noggin
you know if somebody's really bad at
blackjack and they're like you know hey
I'm on 19 hit me
dealers like I really suggest you stay
and they're like nah hit me they're not
gonna kick him out of the casino for
being too bad they're like we just don't
feel good about taking your money this
isn't fair somebody you know learns how
to count cards they got a statistically
slightly increased advantage
oh dude safety scissors was awesome here
with the tower um we got lucky I'd say
it still 21 bombs not bad casino just
you can kick them out I guess they can
deny service to anybody but can they
probably I mean it's not like it's a
fundamental human right it's not like
they're denying you like food and water
I guess the other alternative is you
could just let them stay forever and
then they'll bankrupt you probably not
bankrupt that's a strong statement you
know what they should do if if I ran a
casino here's what I do
cuz everybody in a casino I think they
either know or they should know that the
house always wins
casino has a statistical advantage in
every game in the house even blackjack
when played perfectly is something like
you know fifty point eight percent in
the casinos advantage what I would do
and this is why the government will
never let me own a casino because this
proposal would definitely get crapped on
I would make it so that one table in the
whole casino every night selected at
random actually had like a 55 to 45
advantage for the player but I wouldn't
tell anybody what table it was and this
is why this is highly illegal but you
can see where I'm coming from right
everyone would be like I was at the PI
Gow table on the third floor near the
Jade Empire win it was definitely the
good table dude I won so many times the
other people are like I was at the seven
card stud table down near the Britney
Spears theater that was definitely the
high odds table dude I'm telling you
because everybody in the casino right
now they know and they they're smarter
than the casino because they know
they're gonna lose how do you get the
the edge back on them because casinos
clearly don't make enough money you just
trick people know if I own the casino I
would just lie I would take money for
the chips and then when people brought
the chips back and we're like hey I've
got more money I'd be like oh sorry we
don't have enough come back tomorrow and
then when they came back the next day it
wouldn't even be a casino turns out it
was just an old blockbuster with a slot
machine in it you got grifted son
it's not a good way to run a business I
think maybe you should just like you got
the money to open a casino can you just
do that by the way like if I was like
Warren Buffett could I just be like hey
I would like to build a casino here I
understand you got a great damage by the
way I understand you got to run it by
you know there's some proposals you know
it can't be this close to a school and
you know probably can't be this close to
blah blah blah blah but it's not like
the kind of thing where is it does
something have to go through City Hall
I'm actually gonna keep gambling on this
right here what it wouldn't I really
don't think it's bad to take glitter
bombs here what I'm getting is like can
you just is the one of those businesses
where you know maybe you got to run it
by the Chamber of Commerce or something
but presumably if I wanted to open a
subway for example not not a metro line
but a sandwich shop I would franchise it
through subway you know I would get the
property I'd go to the Chamber of
Commerce and would you not have a
business plan and I'd be like here I
want to build a subway here and they'd
be like approved you just do that with a
casino it seems like the kind of thing a
it's pretty expensive because you need
like a big space obviously a lot of
parking a lot of staff you got to pay
Phil Collins like a hundred million
dollars to play 200 shows a year etc etc
will just get Criss Angel oh he's
already at the MGM Grand
it still doesn't seem like one of those
businesses you can just open but I'm
probably incorrect to be honest with you
I'm gonna take spirit of the night
probably shouldn't I'm just a bad habit
of taking like every deal with the devil
that shows up but this is a good one at
least
all right curse of the lost way behind
schedule for boss rush which is kind of
surprising for me because we do have
8.43 damage rate of fire wasn't great
before but is quite good now maybe I
just got distracted with the casino talk
and the endless lectures about North
America and Europe and how can you be
pulled in the North American Union if
you're not bow to the blah blah and then
you don't even get me started on the
Benelux countries dude safety scissors
has like extremely paid out for us why
does it still feel like our damage is
trash because it's like maybe because
it's like we're doing 8.43 damage per
shot with a good rate of fire the tears
don't do anything after they hit well
it's not true they pierce but not good
enough not good enough they they don't
like explode they don't freeze the enemy
in place they don't do more damage the
further away from me they get which
reminds me that we're probably due for a
Krampus fight especially cuz we've had
goat head for a hundred years but let's
go back and reroll the kidney bean I
guess also our speed is not that great
so that can inhibit you when it comes to
finishing a run relatively quickly this
is an opportunity though rate of fire
got a lot worse as did range but speed
and damage went up let's give this a
test
I'm telling you most of the time
eventually you'll you'll get like an
almost guaranteed better run as long as
you're okay with sacrificing like your
your range dad or maybe your speeds dead
I'd rather not sack speed here but
red chest guppy great it's fine it's
fine
doesn't even bother we didn't get hurt
on the exit either damage has gone way
down speed is down rate of fire is up a
little this is not catastrophic but it's
much worse than what we started with not
even the first roll the first roll was
actually an improvement this is a
regression beyond the the original
starting point that's fine
two more rooms after this we should be
good thumbtack don't need it honestly we
already have spectral and piercing shots
please Lord it's taken a little too much
effort to take these guys out even I
feel weird about it but five point nine
three damage is quite good it's funny
how like when you're normally playing as
Maggie 0.91 speed before you unlock that
speed pill it always seems bad but it
never seems like horrible I think at
least after you're up at like 1.2 speed
which we were for a bit now it feels
like this is torturous it's like we've
had a privilege snatched away from us
and it hurts even more than if we'd
never known it at all it's like a it's a
better to have loved and lost you know
City of Angels situation I'm not talking
about Los Angeles I'm talking about the
movie City of Angels which may have
taken place in Los Angeles but was also
literally about Nicolas Cage being an
angel like our speed just keeps getting
worse our rate of fire keeps getting
better and our damage is kind of
flip-flopping but our speed is just
terrible now
this is one of the rare times I mean I
guess we should be honest like if your
stats can get way better as a result of
the d8 they can probably get way worse
pair thrill well we got another instance
at least dude we still definitely have a
shop huh I'm movin for the gas algae's
which was also an a was or maybe I don't
know well we do have taro cloth so I
think that actually might be for the
best
sure we got a damage downgrade or a rate
of fire downgrade without a damage
increase where our speed is now high
enough
I would like to shoot faster I won't you
know lie to you on that one but this
isn't that bad so many bombs hilarious I
don't necessarily think more options is
worth it here that is huge actually
garbage donate as much money as we can
donation machine making like very very
slow progress up there if we have the
money left over we might buy there's
options but I doubt it's that valuable
really it only gives us something on on
the womb one
he's a worth seven cents to have a an
extra charge on the boom one I would say
no I think egghead blocked a shot as we
as we did that get missing page two
alright well we kind of like made our
bed now we have to lie in it was just
hold d8 situation
I would rather have some v8 right now
I'll tell you you know what I wouldn't
I'm happier to have the DEA than v8 v8
of course vegetable juice I don't know
I'm against a Canadian brand I'm not
sure
v8 performed one of the greatest
marketing lies I guess I shouldn't say
that it's a lie cuz I don't know if
that's true
v8 I mean no I don't mean to defame you
here but v8 juice when I was a kid was
like who wants to eat carrot juice
that's grouse and then they came out
with a product called v8 splash that was
just vegetable juice mixed with fruit
juice and sugar and then all of a sudden
everybody was drinking it they were like
it's vegetable juice but it tastes good
they broke the mold this is before like
I was old enough to be cynical about
pseudo health health products but yeah
it wasn't very good for you but it made
you think that it was good for you which
may placebo eclis have had a little bit
of an effect if only medical science can
come up with some name for the effect
that a placebo has on you when you don't
know that it's a placebo so we're
actually first off we're scared but we
want to go to Z light side paths so
we'll take this you might think I'm a
dreamer but I'm not the only one I
promise you that a talent face thank you
now that we got the Polaroid I want to I
want to play this and like hopefully get
something half decent out of demon
judgment and you know he's led us down
for the final time retro vision
beautiful with to luck we could have
taken a theme but I don't think it's the
right call it's just a little too scary
I think with the limited amount of HP
that we have but I do think we'll get a
win here that doesn't really affect it
we we need a lot of things and the
interesting thing is that everything
that we need could pretty much be
accomplished by one good roll of the DA
rate of fire is actually completely fine
if the rate of fire wanted to go up by
two I wouldn't even be mad assuming that
it came with a corresponding amount of
damage but we need more than 4.77 damage
I think the d8 has been a bust so far
should've stuck with what we had the
first time but where's the fun in that
right to a hearts not useful yet may
well never be speed up along with a
spirit heart is very good and our speed
is actually totally acceptable HP is now
at a better level we're still hurtin for
a squirtin in the damage department it's
like these guys should not be taking
that many shots to kill so we get a much
better like doubled our damage have
their rate of fire so we're almost in
the exact same boat so we'll try it
again okay this is better our rate of
fire and our damage are both better than
they were before
we're also only one item away from
becoming Guppies so as of right now I'm
like I'm pleased with where we're at
might keep rolling cuz I don't know
what's good for me but to cross that
bridge when we come to it I suppose we
did not egghead is the greatest of all
items okay that's it we should don't
press your luck too much further we kind
of got it there rate of fire is amazing
damage is good and we got piercing shots
range is like not very good at all but
still that's not that bad in the whole
scheme of things is it
yeah this this is like a Gatling gun I
think I'm okay with this I've probably
had better outcomes with a d8 but this
is beyond acceptable it was worth the
loss of the d6 probably that's what I'm
gonna tell myself at least but I'm also
gonna keep rolling hey we did it again
damage has gone up speeds gone up at the
cost of our range range is almost
getting into like number one territory
but not quite tower
we still have safety scissors so
I don't think we're ever gonna use these
bombs I came this the the last run was
kind of like this as well or was it late
do I know what I'm talking about the
last run might not have been like this
at all the run is so long despite our
good stance
like we never even sniffed it boss rush
past the third or fourth floor doubled
our damage have that rate of fire lost
some speed gained some range it's like
worse but not by much nothing we need
that we already seemed up he said I
can't recall we got to guppy items don't
remember what they were though one of
them was clearly the hairball sorry one
of them is clearly the collar I mean
because I can see it in the item bar but
also we've got times one question mark
by our health bar what was the other one
that was my bad I took the retro vision
pill I just can't resist being trolled
like that small rock one of these days
have dour damage greatly raised our
speed made our rate of fire slightly
better we're back in the in the tube to
charge shuffle as I like to call it I've
been saying it for years when you have
to you know double down on using your
space bar item no that's not very good
the strength card is awesome though
because we have goat heads so we can use
the strength card to make our deals with
the devil much cheaper especially if we
do we get two of them that was almost
the greatest like cell phone on a Dodge
ever card please card okay that was my
card I mean battery not a good day for
the allah verbal verbal verbal reasoning
center apparently you got for me
conquest conquest conquest congress is
there a donkey kong country donkey kong
country game with conquest in it's
donkey kong country named razor blade
that's weird back down in the fives on
damage and i hate it
oh we roll my whole run I'm ready
the runs fine but I welcome the same
strength is still good stick with that
I'm looking for uh I guess like starter
deck would make it so we can get cards
out of this but good pills speed retro
vision tella pills tell appeals yet
again
just keep getting charges we're getting
close to like if it ain't broke don't
fix the territory which I wouldn't
expect you to know what that means cuz
essentially it is no relation to what
I'm about to say but if we get a good
state as far as our stats are we
shouldn't mess with it anymore I think
we should just roll with it
cuz right now we we're always like it's
some Gift of the Magi stuff we're always
trading a good stat to make another stat
good but over time like occasionally we
walk it up a little bit so like all of
our stats that matter come up
occasionally we walk it down a little
bit like that was good more than doubled
our damage halved our rate of fire but I
worry if we do it again who knows we
ready you know 20 damage and a 20 rate
of fire that's not nearly as good if my
math checks out yeah that was pretty bad
um huh
well the extremely good stick with this
never change it only our speed stat
stinks here are our damage and rate of
fire are both amazing see what did I
tell you you stick with me you're gonna
go far
after 18 rolls we finally got a good
permutation in fact the best permutation
we could have asked for it I don't know
if it actually gets them but much better
than this
cuz we for might be the tear cap as far
as our existing parameters go but what
if we did just one more roll no you're
the you're the devil on my shoulder
you're the icing on the cake on the
table in my wake for modest mouse
yeah that's right any no float on
reference we go for the deep cuts here
absolutely let's give it a try gimpy
good pick-up rod and baby gray pick two
of the best one heart items we lucked
out big time there and that was all for
the low low cost of a strength car
because that HP was not going with us
long-term this would be a great time for
egghead didn't work out however didn't
work out twice but it was still the
right decision to check well at this
point we know the chest is coming up
don't really want that and we're not
really using our existing space bar item
but we also just don't care about a mr.
boom we already have 58 bombs
the bombs are good we could use a better
space bar item what constitutes a better
space bar item shoopdawhoop 10 out of 10
right now anything that gives us HP you
know momma mega for the chest here I go
again my my how can I resist you lots of
stuff I mean all the items that are good
are still good
probably even if we can get the v6 back
do you 100 I don't we've got it unlocked
yet but you're a sly fellow and or lady
what's the what's the analog to fella
Dame trying to think I feel like there's
there's more names for guys than there
are for women
you got you know fella served
jabroni nincompoop
think I might be off the rails here well
we will pick up these bombs needlessly
we really did luck out with that roll
have 12 damaged 13 damaged really in a
four rate of fire is solid better than
solid
it's like a particularly dense mineral
like a quartz or something like that he
said hoping that quartz was a dense
mineral cuz he knows nothing about rocks
I know that there's a mineral called
coming tonight I know that there's a
there's a property of you know
geological bodies called cleavage that's
about it you know I lived with an
engineering student pretty much all
throughout university he was always
laughing about cleavage less so about
coming tonight I found that one out on
the Internet as I learned most of my
knowledge in this life I don't know why
I was waiting for like a deal with the
devil to show up there so this is a big
one we're gonna unlock the relic thanks
for prompting my memory there the relic
is a great passive item I'll be very
happy to have it don't care I care I'm
for it
don't care like super don't care in fact
I actually shouldn't care about rubber
cement because our range is low enough
that it's almost never gonna work for us
that is not take Abul red lower than I
feel like this is I'm a fraud saying
this we're at lower than Maggie's base
speed because Maggie's base speed is one
now isn't it when she takes the pill or
is it 0.9 when she takes the pill luck
stat is 2 so it wouldn't be surprised if
we got like one or two extra items here
I already got the one I guess so it's
time for us to sink our teeth into the
two and maybe the one ninda to Linda
here we go what was our synergy with
safety scissors oh is the glowing
hourglass right you can create like
unlimited and extra bombs for yourself
using one of your five glowing hourglass
charges I've read it out a couple
episodes ago I remember I vaguely
remember it now start a pronunciation
war argument in the comments mmm I
vaguely remember eating a plague bagel
for supper yesterday on my Chesterfield
look at how Canadian are you test a
plagued bagel is not really a real thing
but a Chesterfield is supper is just
what I mean I think it's a british ism
we inherited a lot of our discourse or a
dialect from england for sure we don't
call it high school up here at least
like where I grew up we didn't call it
high school we call it secondary school
if someone asks you you know what level
of school are you in we'd be like I'm in
high school if you wrote it down on a
form we'd say I'm a secondary school
student no question for me at least some
people call it supper instead of dinner
what you eat for supper trying to think
of the other ones I don't know I've
never been to England that's not true
I went to England for a week this just
immediately undermine my own point ok
Book of Revelations we'll take it it's
worth something and suppose we could
also actually use remote detonator here
get into some funky times
I sampled all of the great English
culture I ate and Gregg's and also
Weatherspoon's
and also was that place called Piett I
drank a Newcastle Brown Ale I went to a
pub that had an old-timey name like you
know the Swan and rhinoceros and then
found out that it was owned by this
company that owns like infinity pubs in
England really messed up on that one I
ate fish and chips and then posted about
it on Twitter and everyone said those
aren't real fish and chips and I said
well that's you guys aren't being very
nice everyone I don't understand it's
like the way I feel about poutine I
guess sometimes people will clean me a
photo of poutine and I go it looks like
it tastes good but that's not poutine
because poutine uses cheese curds and
you know you don't have enough gravy
coverage there and also the French fries
are way too thinly cut I mean what is
this McDonald's and then they they're
probably just like shut up this is my
lunch it's not making fun of my lunch
everyone was like those aren't hey you
come to a a chip truck of the north of
Battersea and you'll find out what a
real you know you got bet it probably
even cost you a 10 quid to eat those I
was like come on dude I'm a tourist just
let me let me be ignorant and then post
this picture and act as if I understand
other cultures it's not a real fish and
chips unless they serve you out of an
old trashcan in the back of a newspapers
anyway you get the idea thanks for
watching
we got Celtic Cross also pretty good
thanks for watching hope you enjoyed it
if you did click the like button
how's that a great deal of course
subscribe gonna see more in the future
but for now thanks for watching and I
will see you next time